well after numerous complaints around
the actually around the boardroom
everybody hates me they actually want a
pvp again they wanted they just said
stop doing this guys don't have to do
Astra anymore obviously the people the
number people who are doing ashridge is
not going to go down at all because
obviously everybody loves it they
override admire my decisions here on the
PvP team and they said that Ashwin
shouldn't be mandatory anymore and that
you should be able to buy all of the
gear that you should be able to buy I
mean cuz obviously everybody loves it
everybody was doing it so obviously
people are still going to be doing it
and so like now if if you can you know
you could tell
I don't like this one bin you know I
mean you know we are a pvp team and I
was overridden on this and everybody was
like listening to you guys but you know
it's just a vocal minority you know what
a hundred and eighty thousand of you say
something it's obviously the Vulcan
minority because you know everybody
loves astron and it's obvious painfully
obvious my team has I'm not to change
this is not going to be a democracy
anymore this is like the last change
that my team is going to make because I
mean obviously it's ridiculous to not
make people do ashran or make people RNG
for gear because that's what's fun in
the game you know it's it's it's not fun
enough in PvE where you like you know
you're just farming boss after boss
after boss day in and day out just to
get that one piece of gear that you
might get as a slight upgrade but no I
mean you for PvP you want to be
competitive why not have the same thing
you know it makes it more fun so I mean
my team is obviously out of touch but
I'm going to get a new board of director
the point is we want more rng so well
you know when you this is this is like
the conservation of energy it's Newton's
third law of motion you gotta uh when
you take away from something you got to
add it to another thing so look look out
because once we take away the rng from
gearing we're going to add it to
something else you're gonna have our ng
subscription fees one day it's gonna
cost like a dollar per month another
days give me 133 you made a bet I mean
me mr. Hill Anka what else did they
change
all right now if everybody's been
capping per week and not getting a
higher rating everybody everybody on
Tuesday will be getting your weapons and
so in preparation for this we're
reducing all healing and damage
absorption effects by fifteen percent
now that people are going to get their
weapons we want to make the healers as
weak as possible for these new weapons
bonus battleground event you win for
battlegrounds you get 500 conquest point
that's right all you got to do is win
for so if you have a 30-percent win
right on the horde and each BG takes
about 20 minutes that's about 18 hours
or you could just do three ranis now the
reason we don't want to add any new bee
gees to the game is because we ran out
of ideas on stupid bee gees I mean we
already got strand the ancients which is
like players versus walls isle of
conquest which is I don't even know what
that is um we got ball care in you know
I mean a ratty basin we can't make
another one of those because it's too
good you know we can't like make five
capture points simple and fun you know
simple but no strategic you know you can
set up defenses everywhere I mean people
like a reservation too much so we're not
going to come out with anymore 15 player
5 capture points we've got to have a
10-player 3 capture one where the weary
spawn a wave how about another flag cap
one we got with it but this one's got to
be bigger than twin peaks and this one
this one the Alliance art is on top of
blackrock mountain and the Horde is
under under the sea and then it makes it
funner map and balances
I know that's why we don't we're not
going to make any new battle grounds
because we could just I mean yeah we
could just make you know under at the
base and clone with like cool you know
themed stuff from like the iron horde
stuff and like one side could be the
iron horde and the other side could be
like the fella works and stuff but why
would we do that when we got astron you
know we it's astron it's just it's it's
too good to try with anything else like
you know you wouldn't even when you've
done something in life and you've
reached a pinnacle you just don't want
to do anything else because eat what
you've just done is just so good you
can't ever match it and if you tried you
have to suicide